Assumptions
	- The test asks for a Spring rest service. This will be a RESTFul endpoint that accepts a long customerId and returns a Map<long InvoiceID, String TenderType>. The response will look like as below
		{
			"55": "cash",
			"56": "credit"
		}
	- The service layer will have a method to return a Map<long InvoiceID, String TenderType>. 
	- The Invoice table should have a primary key. The primary key column will be named Id. The value of this column will be auto-generated by Spring JPA.
	- The value format of invoice_data row should be a valid json format. 
		- If this assumption is right, its format should be modified as specified in the SpringbootBackendApplication.run(). Also, there will be a separate service method to parse out the values in this json string in the service layer, i.e. gettenderType_ValidJsonFormat()
		- If the current specified format in the pdf test file is correct, there will be another service method to parse out the values in the string in the service layer, i.e. gettenderType_InvalidJsonFormat()
		
Libraries used
	- The project use Java Amazon Corretto 17. 
	- This is an Eclipse Maven project. I am using the Eclipse Version: 2022-09 (4.25.0)
	- For Spring Boot version and other libraries used, please see the pom.xml in the project. 
	- To test the service, I am using Postman 
	- Database used: H2 database
	
How to run
	- Import the project into Eclipse
	- Right click on the project -> Maven -> Update Project if this is the first time using this project
	- Navigation to the java class: SpringbootBackendApplication located in the root of the package src/main/java
	- Open that class within Eclipse and right click on that class and select Run As -> Spring Boot App
	- Once that class starts up, open Postman or your favorite tool and navigate to: localhost:8080/v1/customers/2 with GET protocol.
	- Once you execute that endpoint, you should receive a response specified in the comments of the controller class. (CustomerController)
